Someone just heard that sound in a matter of seconds
There are people out there doing that kind of thing in broad daylight.
Who is it? Don’t even hear that it is our emperor Huifei’s sister Yun Linglong
What's going on?
Why is my sister so unruly?
How could such a shitty thing happen in such a short day?
Sister, you are actually good enough to be an emperor
Even if my sister doesn’t want to, she won’t be happy
There's no need for such a thing to happen, right?
Yun Linglong Your best dog seed is youth
what is going on
Can't you see it too?
My sister’s red heart appears and I’m fed up with my second brother’s eyes.
Gift and sister-in-law
Your Majesty, you haven’t done anything stupid.
You and sister
Forget it
Why are you still talking to your sister?
Chengtao is your Huang Guifei
You can also not see the Emperor Su Jianyun
I use the emperor's gentleness to make love
You may believe it
It’s okay if you don’t believe it